Added info regarding purge_server in fastly doc (#929)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/http_cache.md

    It is recommended to use either `app/config/parameters.yml` or the environment variable.

>     As of eZ Platform EE v1.13.6 and 2.5.9, you no longer need to set `HTTPCACHE_PURGE_SERVER` if you set `purge_type`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As of eZ Enterprise v1.13.6 and v2.5.9, you no longer need to set `HTTPCACHE_PURGE_SERVER` if you set `purge_type`
```

>     via `HTTPCACHE_PURGE_TYPE`. If you set `purge_type` by any other means, you still will need to set `purge_server` too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    via `HTTPCACHE_PURGE_TYPE`. If you set `purge_type` by any other means, you will still need to set `purge_server` too.
```
